# PIM Configuration
PIM configs has major sections like system, ai, partition and custom-flavor. each of these sections are covered in detail below.

## System
- name: Name of the P10/P11 host, can be found from HMC console
- host-address: IP address of HMC host
- username: Username of HMC user. If user is non-root user, make sure the user has sufficient roles to perform HMC operations as captured in [user-roles.md](user-roles.md)
- password: HMC password

## AI
- bootstrap-iso-url: URL of the bootstrap ISO hosting server. It will be built and provided by IBM
- workload-image: Bootable AI container image pushed on an image registry
- pim-config-json: Configuration to your bootable container image. Ex: In case of vLLM based bootable container image, vLLM image and config to vLLM application can be specified. Make sure to use triple quotes to wrap the json value
- auth-json: Image credentials with registry information to pull the bootable AI container image. Make sure to use triple quotes to wrap the json value

### Validation
Below section of configurations helps providing details of your AI application if you intend to verify at then end of PIM deployment via launch flow.
- request: 'yes' or 'no' to make request to validate the AI app deployed as part of PIM lpar
- url: URL of the AI app to check for completion. Key in the same IP address assigned as part of networking configuration in the URL
- headers: REST request header for "Content-Type". Use suitable Content-Type as demanded by the AI application
- payload: payload for the REST request for your AI app. It must include the model and messages. Sample payload using granite model is shown below.
```
# provide payload to use in json format inside triple quotes
    payload = """
    {
		  "model": "ibm-granite/granite-3.2-2b-instruct",
		  "messages": [
			  {
				  "role": "user",
				  "content": "What is the capital of France?"
			  }
		  ]
	  }
    """
```

## Partition
This section covers PIM partition related configurations
- name: name of the partition. Make sure partition name has only alphanumeric characters and underscore.
- flavor: this refers to partition's instance type. Currently PIM supports small, medium, large and custom types. small, medium and large flavors have fixed cpu cores and memory sizes. More details on flavor types and compute size is covered in [flavors](#pim-instance-flavors)
- Storage: size of the physical storage which needs to be attached to parititon. Make sure minumum size of the storage is 120GB. PIM attaches the disk automatically with capacity closer to specified storage value. 
### Network
This section covers networking related configurations
- virtual-switch-name: name of the virtual switch connected to Power host
- virtual-network-name: name of virtual network connected to Power host
#### IP
This section covers IP address, DNS and gateway
- address: IP address that will be dedicated to the partition. Make sure the IP address is reserved in the pool
- gateway: IP address of the gateway in the virtual network
- nameserver: DNS server IP address

## SSH
SSH configurations to access PIM partition
- username: name of the ssh user, keep it as 'pim'
- pub-key-file: Public SSH key file if the keypair is generated by deployer
- priv-key-file: Private SSH key file if the keypair is generated by deployer
- **If pub-key-file and priv-key-file are kept empty, PIM generates SSH keypair and stores it in folder <PIM_workspace>/keys folder**

## PIM instance flavors
### Small

| Compute                                             |             Size/Units                       |
| ----------------------------------------------------| ---------------------------------------------|
| Memory                                              |               32GB                           |
| CPU                                                 |               1                              |

### Medium

| Compute                                             |             Size/Units                       |
| ----------------------------------------------------| ---------------------------------------------|
| Memory                                              |               64GB                           |
| CPU                                                 |               3                              |

### Large

| Compute                                             |             Size/Units                       |
| ----------------------------------------------------| ---------------------------------------------|
| Memory                                              |               128GB                          |
| CPU                                                 |               8                              |

NOTE: For more details on PIM compute flavors, refer configuration files of respective flavors [partition-flavors](../cli/partition-flavor/)